[16.0][MIG] purchase_variant_configurator_on_confirm: Merged into purchase_variant_configurator and migration to 16.0 (#362)
OCA/product-variant: purchase_variant_configurator/readme/CONFIGURE.rst

> #. Go to ``Purchase > Configuration > Settings`` and check the "Auto-create product variants" option.

Reviewer: With the rest of the changes:

```suggestion
#. Go to ``Purchase > Configuration > Settings``.
#. Check the "Create variants on confirm" option if you want to delay the creation 
   of them until the order confirmation.
```
